She was working in her office, a small
platform with one goal, to uncover a
secret project.
Anna loves her job as a police officer,
but this case was different.
Her friend Eduardo's mysterious work has
been calling her forward.
Every day, she would study his moves,
learn about his working method.
He was not just a simple man in charge.
Something was wrong.
Anna believed her friend was hiding
something big.
When she arrived at his house late one
night, she saw him quickly flee through a
back door.
The project became a game of cat and mouse.
She would track him, he would run.
Anna's dedication to the truth was incredible.
Finally, she caught him in a shocking moment.
He was stealing important documents from
a famous company.
But why?
His reason was both surprising and heartbreaking.
He needed money to help his sick daughter.
Anna understood his pain.
In the end, she made a difficult decision.
She would help him, but justice must be served.
Their friendship would never be the same.
Her friendship would never be the same.
Thank you.